Fix Documentation in FSDP and DeepSpeed Concept Guide (#2725)
huggingface/accelerate: docs/source/concept_guides/fsdp_and_deepspeed.md

### Prefetching

FSDP allows two prefetching configurations `--fsdp_forward_prefetch` and `--fsdp_backward_prefetch` to improve overlap of comms / computation at a cost of extra memory, see [FSDP documentation](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/fsdp.html). 

> For DeepSpeed, the prefetching will be turned on when needed, and it turns on depending on certain hyperparams like `stage3_param_persistence_threshold, stage3_max_reuse_distance`, etc, [that can be configured for Zero3](https://www.deepspeed.ai/docs/config-json/#parameter-offloading); 🤗 `accelerate` will set these hyperparams automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For DeepSpeed, the prefetching will be turned on when needed, and it turns on depending on certain hyper-params like `stage3_param_persistence_threshold`, `stage3_max_reuse_distance`, etc, [that can be configured for Zero3](https://www.deepspeed.ai/docs/config-json/#parameter-offloading); 🤗 `accelerate` may set these hyper-params automatically if you don't set those explicitly in the deepspeed config file.
```

## On Differences in Data Precision Handling

> To discuss the how data precision is handled in both FSDP and Deepspeed, it is instructive to first give an overview of how model parameters are handled in these frameworks. Before the model / optimizer parameters are distributed across GPUs, parameter preparation is involved to first "flatten" them to  one-dimensional [`torch.Tensor`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/tensors.html#torch-tensor). The implementation of FSDP / DeepSpeed varies in the respect of the `dtype` in which these "flattened" parameters are stored, and there are ramifications with regards to how [`torch.Optimizer`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/optim.html#module-torch.optim) allocate their `dtypes`. The table below outlines the processes for both frameworks; the "Local" column indicates the process occurring at a per-gpu level, therefore any memory overheads by upcasting should be understood to be amortized by the number of gpus used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discuss the how data precision is handled in both FSDP and Deepspeed, it is instructive to first give an overview of how model parameters are handled in these frameworks. Before the model / optimizer parameters are distributed across GPUs, parameter preparation is involved to first "flatten" them to  one-dimensional [`torch.Tensor`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/tensors.html#torch-tensor). The implementation of FSDP / DeepSpeed varies in the respect of the `dtype` in which these "flattened" parameters are stored, and there are ramifications with regards to how [`torch.Optimizer`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/optim.html#module-torch.optim) allocate their `dtype`s. The table below outlines the processes for both frameworks; the "Local" column indicates the process occurring at a per-gpu level, therefore any memory overheads by upcasting should be understood to be amortized by the number of gpus used.
```
